Manual Cherry-picking for #538 (#617)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/admin/proc-rbac-send-request-rbac-rest-api.adoc

.Prerequisites

* {product} is installed and running.

> For more information about installing {product}, see link:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}#assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-helm[Installing Red Hat Developer Hub on OpenShift Container Platform with the Helm chart].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about installing {product}, see link:{installing-on-ocp-book-url}#assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-helm[{installing-on-ocp-book-title} with the Helm chart].
```
